---
layout: post
title:  "Movement"
date:   2016-02-04 06:53:00 -0500
categories: introduction
---
I step out of the hardware store, take in a breath of cold air, and look out across the street.  McDonalds, Autozone and Pizza Hut signs hang in the air like heavy, gaudy necklaces.  I get in my car.  I am exasperated.

The washing machine discharge hose is leaking, and Home Depot's replacement hose is not long enough.  As with any good trip to a home repair store, it was followed quickly by another trip to the same repair store.  Usually because you forgot something, or got the wrong screw.  In this case, a return.

Home repair is, in my estimation, like singing or dancing.  Some people, some talented souls, are very good at it.  Everyone else a) does it anyway b) is usually more comfortable doing it as part of a group, and c) is never any good.  You just get progressively **less bad** at it.  The broken hose experience will let me get slightly **less bad** at repairing washing machines.  Later this week I'm going to get significantly **less bad** at putting down flooring.  I'm not looking forward to that learning experience.

I leave Home Depot, and head to Lowe's.  McDonalds is substituted by Ruby Tuesday, but in the store, the flourescent lights feel the same.  In Lowe's they have an empty cardboard box -- they are sold out of the longer hose.  Lots of people are getting less bad at washing machine repair, it seems.  Maybe tomorrow I can ask a random passer by.

"Excuse me, do you have a spare plastic tube and a desire to show off your newfound repair skills?"

I put "I Dreamed A Dream" on in the car ride home.  My voice is an octave or two down from Patti LuPone.

On the way home to tell my wife that we'll need to put a bowl beneath the leaky hosy for the next few days, I get considerably **less bad** at singing, and my mood moves from exasperated to happy.  And things are suddenly ok.